From Hanselman and start
com the minutes weekly discussion
with web developer and technologists.
Scott Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number 22 recorded Monday, June 26th, 2006.
Support for Hanselman is provided
by COVID Smith tools, makers
of code Smith, extensible template
based code generator for.net. And
now Hansel minutes listeners get
a hundred bucks off code
Smith professional with coupon code
H M 100. online@covidsmithtools.com. Support
is also provided by Peter
bloom.com. Start with better controls
finish with better sites online@peterblumdotcomandby.net
developers journal the world's leading.net
developer magazine online at www
dot  dot com. In
this episode, Scott discusses tech
get GPS and other topics
of interest for the second
installment of Hansel minutia. Hi,
this is Carl Franklin. You're listening
to Hansel minutes. I'm here
with Scott Hanselman, of course,
in the post tech head
show. Hi Scott. Hey, how
are you? This is Hansel
minutia. Number two. So you
had a good time at
tech ed. Did you? Yeah,
I mean, Tucker, I thought
this year was better than
a long time. I was
a little jaded, I think
last year's tech ed and
the tech Before that. What
was so great about it
this year? Oh man, the
vibe was good. The people
were fun. Yeah, seriously. They
actually, there were so many
people sitting on the floor
in front of the TVs,
watching the world cup, they
set up, they set up
chairs all this way to
come all this way just
to watch the world cup.
But the feeling was good.
And there was this, these
TLCs, these technical learning centers
where they basically set up
a bunch of chairs and
couches. It was like they
took an entire conference and
turned it into a big
living room of nerds. Yeah.
I liked that. It was
really cool. They used to
call them cabanas, but they
were called TLCs this time
and I really thought it
worked great. And man, I
met some awesome people. It
was really fun. It was
very, it's very cool. Just
to be able to sit
down on the couch with
like the architecture team and
chat. Totally. It's like a
cotillion with, with, with geeks.
Yeah. Yeah. Everyone had their
best, their best t-shirts with
funny sayings and tacky shorts
on it was, it was
very good. The only thing
that was the only thing
that sucked about this year's
tech ed, there was no
decent swag. Nobody was giving
away any USP. Actually. They
were really what did you,
you missed it. It was
over near the RD. Booth.
Microsoft was a Microsoft press
had a booth there. And
if you filled out a
questionnaire, you know, a survey,
you got the most righteous
USB kit. It was not
just a key. It was
a kit. It had a
wireless mouse, it had a
card reader. It had a
Bluetooth. It was awesome. Oh,
you're killing me. Yeah. It
probably lasted an hour. And
it had like six or
seven different things in it.
That's pretty cool. It's amazing.
Yeah. I got no good
swag. It was pretty sad.
Oh, well that was really
the only good one. Okay.
What'd you do after? Oh,
well actually I was very
fortunate enough to take a
little time off work first
vacation in a while. And
the wife and I went
down to Las Vegas, New Mexico,
not Las Vegas, Nevada, but
Las Vegas, New Mexico. Wow. Where
my wife went to school
and because it's far away
from any airports we flew
into Albuquerque and then rented
a car and I had
to do the $5 a
day GPS option. So what's
that? We ran a car
GPS and then yeah, I
rented a car, picked up
the GPS and this, I
usually do the Hertz. I
do the hurts, never lost,
but what I ended up
with was a what's called
a Garmin NUVI Hmm. This
is@ashrinkstir.com slash G 75. We
had to drive from Albuquerque
through Santa Fe to Las
Vegas and then out to
a place called Montezuma, New Mexico.
And man, this thing is
freaking awesome. You've you used
it in an, in car
GPS before my Prius has
one. Okay. So you've got
the builtin Prius one, right?
So I've got the older
Prius, the 2001, and I've
been trying to figure out
how I'd like hack into
this thing and get the
screen set up. But apparently
for the 2001, you can't
get a GPS. They've got
the button for it, but
you can't get it installed.
So I'm trying to figure
how to do this. And
you know, I tried the
whole carry the laptop thing
around, right. I got Matt
point 2006 strange there slash
. And then I got
the, the builtin at the
built in, but it's a
little cheapo GPS. I wrote
an article about this for
coding for fun once. And
there's an article up on
Microsoft shrink stir slash G
seven D that tells you
how to, how to basically
navigate. And the guy in
the article actually mounted his
tablet PC to his dash.
Cool. I think that's pro
well cool. Awesome. Yes. Possibly
illegal in a number of
States. Yeah. Yeah. I have,
I tried something like that
a while ago before I
got the Prius and it
didn't work out all that.
Well. I mean, he really,
especially with the stylist, it's
not very safe or practical
to use a stylist on
a computer while driving, especially
safe. I definitely found it
to be very uncomfortable. Didn't
feel safe. And then I
had the wife sit in
the window with the laptop
in her lap. Yeah. She
was definitely not feeling it.
And I was really looking
forward to the new map
point 2006. They had said
it included turn by turn
directions, but it doesn't actually
read the street name. So
you're just kind of going
along and then you hear
kind of a built in
windows thing, go turn, turn,
ride. And it's like, Oh
dude. So there wasn't that
real sense that it was
there with you. Right. And
so you get the laptop
and then the big long
cord. And then you've got
the suction cup with the
GPS up on the wall.
Yep. Wasn't really feeling it
now in this car that
I, with this Garmin NUVI
new, I think it was
the three 10, but then
I went around and looked
into this and saw that
the three 60 is the
one to get the garment
three 60 shrink stir slash
G seven seven. And this
guy will not only read
the, read the street names
to you, but it also
supports Bluetooth. So you can
actually use it as a
phone. Wow, cool. It'll it
has an iPod attachment. So
it'll be an actual controller
for your iPod. No kidding.
It's got an SD slot
and you can, you know,
talk to it with your
computer. You can download things
to it. So it'll say
turn left on high street
now. Exactly. Yeah. That's it'll
say. Yeah. Oh. And actually,
while I was driving, there
were like three or four
times. It did some pretty
amazing stuff where it said
things like, you know, veer
right onto ramp stay in
right lane, you know, those
kinds of things where you
get onto a ramp and
it's like, where am I
going? Right. You know, stay
on right lane to
South. And it was funny.
There's a lot of different
voices. You can select, the
lady had an Australian accent.
So I don't know how
they do that. But they
had an, a text to
speech with an Australian accent.
Yeah. Very, very cool. What
I started thinking about reminded
me of a rant that
I had a couple of
years back where this little
device, this new movie and
the devices like it, that
we'll talk about like the
Tom, Tom are basically big
giant four inch screens with
some storage and they're they're
touchscreens, right? Yeah. It's a
big, it's a portable screen.
Right? Why is it that
I have so many devices
in my pocket that are
screens, batteries and input devices.
Right. I know what you're
getting at. You want them
all to be one, right?
Right. And the pocket PC,
I don't think is that.
And I mean, I, right
now I've got an insulin
pump with batteries, a screen
wireless buttons, a Blackberry, you
know, a cell phone, a
pager laptop, yada yada, yada,
an iPod Bluetooth allows these
devices to talk to each
other. But why am I
paying for, I feel like
I'm paying hundreds of dollars
for LCDs. Yeah. Over and
over again. Right. The garment
has got this gorgeous four
inch backlit screen. I really
feel like I should only
have to buy one gorgeous
four inch backlit screen. So
I had a, I had
an idea at one time
to make a battery belt
because batteries are always, you
know, going dead and you
never have enough batteries and
you know how they can
make these batteries slim. Well,
it'd be kind of cool
to sort of wrap, wrap
one around a belt and
wear a belt, you know?
Yeah. You know, if, if,
if you, if the action
of you walking could charge
that, now that would be
cool. Then there's devices like
this. So there's a buddy
of mine has a, a
friend of a friend who
has a company that makes
backpacks with solar panels. Huh.
You know, so there's, there's
all this wasted power out
there that could be used.
But the thing that I
was most concerned about is
the, you know, here's a
device that's awesome that I
want to buy. That's $800
and that's ridiculous. A couple
of hundred is gotta be
the screen. And then, you
know, the storage, which is
an SD card or a
small hard drive, I felt
for awhile that maybe the
pocket PC would be that
device with a screen that
I could use, but Bluetooth
allows them to communicate to
each other. But what I
really need is a device
without a screen that will
let you use any other
device as a screen. So
write a protocol that was
like remote desktop, you needed
A portable dumb terminal, basically.
Exactly. So interestingly, this is
a GPS and sure it
does all that great stuff.
And it's from a GPS
company, but this is about
the closest thing I've ever
seen to a portable, dumb
terminal. You plug in your
iPod, it shows you iPod
stuff. You put your photos
and your JPEGs on it.
And it turns into a
slide show. You talk to
you, plug it into your
phone via Bluetooth. It is
your phone. So this thing
becomes the, the, the upscale
expensive car dashboard that your
cheap car doesn't have. That's
great. Now of course you
have a shiny car. You've
got a Prius, so you've
got this. But I started
looking around on the net
about this thing. And people
can not shut up about
this Garmin NUVI wow. At
37 signals, which is it's
shrink, stir slash . There
is a glowing review. The
guy says that other than
the iPod, no other device
has changed his life like
this device. And then another
guy compared it with a
thing called the Tom, Tom,
this was at shrinks or
slash  for a while
there, it was looking like
this, Tom, Tom, which is
huge in Europe, was going
to be the iPod of,
of GPSs. But the Tom
Tom is huge. The new
Tom, Tom nine, 10 has
got all the same features,
the Bluetooth, the text to
speech. But the, the it's
huge. It's like an old
style. Remember the size of
a, one of those Macintoshes,
the IMAX, where there were
a giant monitor, right? So
you look at it, it
looks flat and you look
at the look at the
side and it looks like
an old Zenith colored TV
Is, are either of these
things useful outside of the
car, or do they have
to be in the car
Exactly. That you're getting, you're
getting exactly where I'm headed.
So the Tom Tom has
that weird shape that kind
of quasi CRT TV shape
that the old iMac had.
She had this great foreign
screen, but then it becomes
this kind of lump that
you can carry around with
you. Right. The NUVI same
kind of size as far
as the face is concerned,
but it's the size of
a deck of cards. Nice.
So it's like a, it's
like a full screen iPod
video, and then you can
start imagining yourself, picking it
up off your, you know,
undocking it basically out of
your car and walking around
town. Yeah. Find me the
local Quiznos, you know, things
that are crucial in your
life, like where the local
Queens noses. And Can it
be powered by batteries? Obviously
it can, if you can
take it around, Can, I've
heard four to six hours.
I've heard eight hours in
the battery. So basically you
charge it with your car
charger and this, the, the
garment, the garment UI man,
it's, there's no buttons. It's
all touchscreen. Nice. And I
really, really liked it. It,
you know, it doesn't have
the whole shiny Google earth
kind of thing. It's very
bright 3d graphics. Right. But
it really does. It does
the job. I found some
prices on it. They say
it is about 900 bucks,
which is like about 500
bucks more than it should
be, but on frugal at
shrink stir slash , I
found it for as low
as 700. So now I'm
thinking to myself for 700
bucks, I could get two
really nice pocket PCs. Right.
Couldn't you, I mean, what's
a pocket PC cost these
days. Yeah. That's about what
they cost. Yeah. So what
is it about this thing
that is other, you know,
other than a bright screen,
that's keeping me from doing,
using a pocket PC I
looked around and I'm just
not seeing a lot of
great software for the pocket
PC that does the same
kind of stuff. This portion
of Hanselman it's is brought
to you by COVID Smith
tools. The most powerful cogeneration
tool on the market with
features such as a template
based cogeneration, a rich integrated
template development environment, including statement
completion and a highly extensible
metadata system that includes database,
schema, XML, and many other
sources. And now Hanselman its
listeners can get a hundred
dollars off code Smith professional
with coupon code H M
100 and just go online
to www.covidsmithtools.com. And now let's
get back to Hansel minutes.
The problem with a pocket
PC is that there's limited
Ram, very, very limited Ram
and limited storage. So, I
mean, yeah, you have SD
cards and you could get,
I guess, a two gig
SD card, but it's two
gigs, right? So I mean,
GPS data takes a lot.
And the stuff that I've
seen, you basically have to
choose a very small region
in which you're going to
travel. And, you know, if
you just happened to be
traveling outside of that region,
Oh no. Now I gotta
go deal with this map
data, you know, and replace
the stuff that's in there.
Right? So one of the
things that these guys are
definitely doing to make it
a little easier is a
massive amounts of onboard storage.
You know, early GPS has
had you downloading maps, like
before you go somewhere, he,
you don't go ahead and
load up ahead of time.
Right? All of these devices
have like 750 megs of
built in storage, you know,
big amounts of storage. The,
the Tom Tom has got
like all of your, all
of Western Europe installed or
all of the U S
installed the new V I
believe has all of the
U S and Europe installed
as well as the ability
to download more stuff. Now,
the Tom, Tom just came
up with a new one
called the go nine, 10,
that's got a 16 by
nine screen. That looks pretty
hardcore, but it's still, it's
still got this big fat,
this thickness to it, right?
That's about 800 bucks. It's
got all of Canada, all
of Western Europe, and it
includes a 20 gig hard
disk. Wow. While the, the
other one uses the 750
megs of storage and then
includes additional space for, for
MP3s and stuff like that.
There's a couple of other
ones like the teletype it's
shrink, stir slash  and
the Dolores. I'm not sure
how to tell the army
shrinks their slash G seven
F these appear to be
kind of third and fourth,
but a distant third and
fourth. I know that they,
the Delores may particularly has
got their folks that really
think this is the one
to get. We tried Delores
may on the, on the
road trip, the dotnet rocks
road trip last year. Yeah.
And it just, wasn't doing
a good job. It wasn't.
And we tried an older
version of streets and trips,
and I think we ended
up using Delorme just because
it worked the best with
the GPS, like it locked
on. But in, in terms
of accuracy, it sorta really
broke down, especially when we
would get into the cities.
Didn't understand cities very well.
Maybe that was because of
the new construction. I don't
know, but we weren't all
that happy with it. Huh.
And this was after the
GPS has included their new,
they turned off the obfuscation
that the government used to
add to throw you off
by 20, 30 meters, right?
Yes. Yeah. So this was
pretty recent. This was last
October. Yeah. So I was
driving around, you know, in,
in New Mexico. So I didn't
have any trouble getting, getting
satellites at all, even in
the cities with four and
five story buildings. But I
haven't, I have not driven
through New York with a GPS.
I'm not sure how they,
how they do that. They
might, might have something to
amplify that, that stuff just
like they have cell phone
amplifiers inside of tunnels. Have
you ever been Using a
GPS and you put in
a, you know, you put
in a destination and it
says, this is the best
route. And then you find
yourself going through all these
back roads and saying, Hey,
I didn't have to go
this way. And yeah, that's
been happening to me quite
a bit on the Prius
these days. It does give
you a choice of routes,
but don't you think that
the first route, the default
route that comes up where
you just press OK, should
be the best route? Well,
interestingly on both of these
devices and particularly the Tom,
Tom is known for this,
they actually ask you, are
you looking for the fastest
or the shortest? Yeah. You
know, cause there's those people
who would rather drive fast
on a toll road and
pay the buck and get
there faster versus the guy
who really will do anything
at all to avoid that.
And what we'll just take
the chances with life, It's
wind through the Hills and
the woods. A number of
times with the Garmin, I
thought was really odd when
I was driving it actually
in the middle of it
seemed to change its mind
who would be driving. And
it would announce there's a
better route. I'm not really
clear where it got that,
but I understand that the
garment has this subscription format
that will actually tell you
via FM receivers, where construction
is currently happening. Wow. This
is one of the things
that I did like about
the map point 2006, I
needed an internet connection to
get ahold of it actually
was able to download a
construction information and an on
my map marked in yellow,
that part of the road
that was under construction and
the garment has this ability
to, and I think the
Tom, Tom as well, the
two routes you around that.
So one of the things
that I think is cool.
Yeah. One of the things
that calls these guys out,
versus some of the, just
buying some $300 GPS is
this real time updating of
this information, which starts getting
me in thinking into a,
what I really want is
a Google earth, right? We
want a real persistent internet
connection. I want basically I
want the thing to see
that my Bluetooth phone is
there and download that information
over the internet connection. But
they can't because when you're
out there in your car,
you're out there in your
car, you've got the radio
and XM radio, right? That's
all you, that's the only
place you can be pulling
data from maybe the pager
network. So these guys still
use this FM back channel
because there's so much information
out there that I potentially
might want to get a,
like a mashup. Right. We've
seen so many mashups that
we've talked about before, like
on our show on geocashing.
Why can't I mash up
my information and see, you
know, other useful stuff, like
check this out, take a
look at shrink, stir.com/g seven
G. This is crazy. So
one of my favorite websites
is called overheard in New York.
Okay. This is overheard in
new york.com. It may be
a little offensive to some
users because what it is
is it's people in New York,
who've overheard someone in New York
saying something, and then they
just block it. This is
persistent.info/right. So what over plot
is, is it takes the
information from overheard in New York
and then uses the Google
maps, API and plots where
that thing was, that that
sentence, or that little story
was overheard and then labels
it on the site. That's
crazy. So go to over
plot and then click, click
like a click Chelsea. That's
a neighborhood in a, in
Midtown, right in lower Midtown.
So then click there and
then click on one of
the, the numbers there. And
you'll see someone said this
on the corner of 27th
and sixth and well, I'm
even looking for one. That's
not offensive. And I can't
find one cause they're that,
that, they're that kind of
over the top. Wow. Yeah.
Here's one here. So a
little girl on the corner
of 26, between sixth and
Broadway says, mama, no, don't
walk away. Someone might take
me weird. So there's, that
was overheard and someone blogged
it and thought it was
funny. And now they, so
here's like a real time
conversation, you know, things happening
on online. And they've got
an they've overloaded. Now, this
isn't particularly interesting information. I
wanted my GPS, but it
shows that the, this over
plotting of data that I
might want, whether it be
data, maybe I, maybe I'm
a wardriving and I want
to see wireless information. I
should be able to have
a, a GPS that's a
big, giant, beautiful LCD screen
that can hook up to
Google and mashup, whatever information
that I want. Why, why
is it the Google maps
and live.com and virtual earth
get all the fun? Why
can't my device in my
car, get all that kind
of fun. Now I tell
this to my boss and
he says, well, you know,
you're not, you're asking for
too much. Most people don't
know RSS exists, right? The
group of people that are
making mashups is like a
0.0, 1% of people even
care to do this kind
of stuff. But that really
seems like a valuable, valuable
thing. It could be used
to do some very valuable
things. Yeah. I could put
my friends on there. I
could. I mean, there's just,
there's all sorts of stuff
that could potentially be. We
overlaid, you could take a
photograph with a wire with
a phone or a phone
or a camera with wireless
while you're somewhere like maybe,
you know how you you're
driving along when you're on
vacation, you stop, you take
a picture. Why can't that
then be plotted and put
on your GPS stopped and
took a picture. So I,
they do have cameras that
have GPS units in them.
And, and actually this has
been around for a while.
Sure. We talked about this
on our  that's right.
Yeah. And, and you can
do basically marking up of
that. You can do geo
mapping of this information, take
that and code it. Most,
most cameras actually now store
in the JPEG, what's called
the  right. It's metadata
for JPEG file. Right? They'll
add on, you know, these,
these, these GPS cameras will
they'll add on the latitude
and longitude. Yeah. But I
want all these things to
talk to each other. I've
got a Bluetooth Blackberry, I've
got a big shiny GPS
and an eye camera, and
none of them chat with
each other about what's going
on. You ought to do
a show on cameras because
there's some really cool stuff
out there. You do have
a camera that allows for
annotation, you know, where you
can actually speak and say
something that goes along with
this. Right. And I'll get
a wave file next to
Yeah. The, the, the ones
that I've seen. I don't
know if there are some
out there that do this,
but the ones that I've
seen require you to go
back through all your pictures
in annotate at a later
time, I think that's BS.
I think you should be
able to click. And right
then and there say, while
you're taking the picture, what
this is, cause that's when
you know, right. You don't
always remember. Yeah. You know,
I cannot gain from other,
why can't it pull from
the kind of the ether,
right? Like where were, where
was I? Right. You might
want to hear people shouting,
hooray, and then take a
picture while they're shouting it
or whatever, whatever, you know,
group of people. But maybe
that there are cameras that
do this out already. I
just haven't seen them. Yeah.
I haven't Show on cameras.
We should investigate some of
that stuff. Yeah. That's a
good idea. There's The pro-sumer
level camera then there's the
snapshots. Right, right. More and
more of the digital camera
world seems to be split
between folks that want a
tiny camera that fits in
their pocket. And folks that
want a big Canon EOS
with exchangeable lenses and all
that kind of thing. And
I've noticed more and more
that the quality is really
amazing on those nicer cameras,
but yeah. But you've got
to carry around that big
thing. Right? Yeah. We have
some other things to talk
about that aren't GPS related.
Yeah. Cause this is minutia,
right? It's minutia, mostly GPS,
minutia, but some other random
stuff. Okay. You know, I
told you recently I tried
office 2007. Yep. I'm running
it at home now. I
got it working at home,
but I gave up on
it at work to destroy
my work machine, mostly because
of some problems with outlook
and some MSI trouble I
had. But I wanted to
show some people office 2007.
I was trying to figure
out how I was going
to do this. So it
was getting ready to build
a VM virtual machine and
put office on it. And
then I find out that
there's a test drive online
shrinks.com/  that lets you
log in to a terminal
server session and play with
office. Hey, this is pretty
cool. Interestingly, it's not terminal
server. It's actually Citrix. Remember
those guys? Yeah. It's an
active X control. And then
they'll let you hook up
to some super farm of
machines out there. Get your
own desktop and run through
tutorials on whatever aspect of
2007 you want. Wow. Very
cool. Dennis, check it out.
It's a little slow right
now because everyone else has
discovered it too. Right. But
really neat way to sh
to decide whether you think
office 2007 is worth trying.
I really suggest go through
the word tutorial, spend some
time with word that's really
the, the application, in my
opinion, that that shines with
2007 Strengths are.com/ . Absolutely.
So the other thing that
I thought that was pretty
awesome today, also a piece
of minutia is a MSB.
I've talked about this before,
but now it has a
home has to be E
I S sorry. This is
the Microsoft build Everett environment.
NSBE. Remember Everett was visual
studio, 2003 Code name for
2003, right? This was a
kind of a thing that
people were doing internally and
you could get on the
beta for a while and
then it didn't quite have
a home, but now it
lives at code Plex. Right?
Code Plex is the new
open source site that Microsoft's
got all of their, their
shared source goodness up there.
Okay. And it shrinks their
slash G seven J MSB
lives up there. And this
is a fantastic thing. I
loved it before. I love
it. Now that it's released
this, lets you build one,
one applications using visual studio,
2005 projects. Oh cool. So
this isn't an upgrade, right?
This isn't the whole web
application project upgrade. But this
is like, Hey, I've got
a machine that's got done
at one one on it,
but I only have visual
studio 2005. Maybe I want
to build an application for.net.
One, one, or maybe I
want to build an app
for both one, one and
two. Oh, that's the thing
is if You want to
support one, one and two.
Oh, which means XP service
pack two, right? One, one
is now out there and
mass, a lot of people
have the framework for one,
one. Not a lot of
people have it for two.
Oh. So you could just
build it for, for one,
one and ship it for
one one, which is what
we do with, with, And
what's cool is you can
use visual studio 2005 with
all the cool clean, all
the editor stuff. It's designer.
You get all that richness.
But then when you hit
build, it's actually going to
use a separate target file.
Cause ms. Bill has this
notion of a Target's final
file and there's a, you
can also run it from
the command line. So you
could have your automated builds
target one, one. Yeah. So
if you're a company that's
really thinking about moving towards
two. Oh, but you're just
not quite there. This is
a great way to give
the developers the feeling of,
of the two hour development
experience, but hedge your bets
on the runtime. Now you
have to be using a
1.1 compatible stuff in the
framework, right? You wouldn't be
able to use any of
the new tools, Right. You're
actually going to be building
against dotnet one, one using
the net one, one compiler.
So if you used some
feature or visual studio, 2005
allowed you to add some
reference that was inappropriate, you'd
hear about it during the
Data binding stuff, for example,
won't work Exactly. Now, additionally,
there's also some verification scripts
for FX cop that are
built into MSB that lets
you kind of verify that
what you're doing is the
right thing to do. And
MSB really suggest that you
use this FX cop, right?
FX cop is the tool
that, that got done. That
team. That's a code analysis
tool that checks for defects
and checks for correctness of
code. So you are definitely
in a weird place when
you might be doing either
cross compilation or thinking to
Oh, and writing one, one,
there's some thought that is
involved, but just the fact
that I can have a
single IDE on my system
and build to both is
pretty awesome. So definitely check
that out. Shrink stir slash
G seven G. Excellent. Yeah.
Well Scott, that's a show.
Fantastic. Excellent. Thanks. Thanks for
sharing. You're going to check
out that movie. I mean,
I have one in my
car, but it's all, you
know, we don't have one
in the other car. So
the wife and I are
thinking about going to Spain,
It's over and I just
keep having this dream of
me walking around Europe with
a little portable deck of
cards, GPS telling me where,
How cool would that be?
Very cool. Very cool. Alright,
Scott, until next week and
for you, the listener, we'll
see you next week on
Hansel minutes.